[WIP] MTA 7.1.0 release notes (#10)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/release-notes-7.1.0/master.adoc

:mta:
include::../topics/templates/document-attributes.adoc[]
:toc:
:toclevels: 3
:numbered:

:imagesdir: topics/images
:context: release-notes
:release-notes:
:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
= Release Notes

//Inclusive language statement
include::../topics/making-open-source-more-inclusive.adoc[]

[id="release-notes-introduction"]
== Introduction

> {ProductName} {DocInfoProductNumber} accelerates large-scale application modernization efforts across hybrid cloud environments on Red Hat OpenShift. This solution provides insight throughout the adoption process, at both the portfolio and application levels: inventory, assess, analyze, and manage applications for faster migration to OpenShift through the user interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ProductFullName} {DocInfoProductNumber} accelerates large-scale application modernization efforts across hybrid cloud environments on {ocp-first}. This solution provides insight throughout the adoption process, at both the portfolio and application levels: inventory, assess, analyze, and manage applications for faster migration to {ocp-short} through the user interface.
```

:mta:
include::topics/templates/document-attributes.adoc[]
:toc:
:toclevels: 3
:numbered:

:imagesdir: topics/images
:context: release-notes
:release-notes:
:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
= Release Notes

//Inclusive language statement
include::topics/making-open-source-more-inclusive.adoc[]

[id="release-notes-introduction"]
== Introduction

> {ProductFullName} {DocInfoProductNumber} accelerates large-scale application modernization efforts across hybrid cloud environments on {ocp-first}. This solution provides insight throughout the adoption process, at both the portfolio and application levels: inventory, assess, analyze, and manage applications for faster migration to {ocp-short} through the user interface.

Reviewer 2: Introduction is same as abstract, may be later we need to think something better for introduction

Author: Yup, just haven't thought of it yet, but can be worked on later
